Update async docs with blogpost (#1479)
huggingface/lerobot: docs/source/async.mdx

---
## Getting started with async inference

> You can read more information on asynchronous inference in our [blogpost](https://huggingface.co/blog/async-robot-inference). Here, we report a getting started guide meant to help you setup and run asynchronous inference in your setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more information on asynchronous inference in our [blogpost](https://huggingface.co/blog/async-robot-inference). This guide is designed to help you quickly set up and run asynchronous inference in your environment.
```
